2019.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Disabled subsystem vendor ID change for non PF0 case
 * Bug Fix: Removed 0 VFs option per PF when SRIOV is enabled. Each enabled PF should have minimum 4VFs when SRIOV is enabled.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GUI option to disable the GT channel LOC constraints in GTWizard IP XDC
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GUI option to change message routing parameter-AXISTEN_IF_ENABLE_MSG_ROUTE
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Disabled vendor ID change for non PF0 case
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Mark Debug utility in "Add. Debug Options" page
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Resizable BAR functionality
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 3)
 * Feature Enhancement: Enhancement in PIO Example Design to support multiple DWORD transaction.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Modified the Tandem Stage1 np_req credit allocation. Tandem stage1 will now allocate one np_req credit rather than infinite np_req credits. This allows better control of credit allocation after stage2 is loaded.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GEN4 control skip filter module with parameter(ctrl_skip_mask).This can be used for EndPoint to work with GEN4 RootPort generating control skips.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added an option to set the MCAP bitstream version register within the MCAP register space.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Core Interface Parameters GUI page.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for fsve1156,fsvg1517 packages for xczu25dr,xczu27dr,xczu28dr devices and fsvf1760 for xczu29dr device
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Auto Rx Equalization support in the GT Settings GUI page.
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed naming of the set_clock_groups in the IP level XDC.
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed naming of the create_clock constraints in the IP level XDC.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added clock_delay_group constraints in 512-I/F to fix timing.
 * Other: Changed Link Number (cfg_ds_port_number) in RP mode example design from 8'h9F to 8'h00
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 1.3
 * Bug Fix: Updated arrow colors for JTAG debugger LTSSM graph
 * Bug Fix: Fix for Include GT Wizard in Example Design mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to enable external BUFG_GT/SYNC for sys_clk
 * Feature Enhancement: Moved phy_clk module in support wrapper when selecting Include GT Wizard in Example Design mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT_COMMON sharing option
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support to simulate tandem using the SIMULATION define. When this define is set, design_switch will be asserted and the core will operate as though stage2 is loaded.
 * Feature Enhancement: Removed tandem stage1/stage2 mux on the cfg_dsn input. This allows user to set this value as desired for stage1 and/or stage2 operation.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for xazu4ev and xazu5ev
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed timing issue related to asynchronous CDC signals.
 * Bug Fix: Changed default value of parameter AXISTEN_IF_ENABLE_MSG_ROUTE to 0x2FFFF.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for xczu27dr-ffvg1517,ffve1156 devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 1.2
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with the core generation for xczu7ev-fbvb900 device when x16 configuration is selected by enabling valid GT Quads.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed SRIOV PF's First VF Offset default value.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed SRIOV VF's Next Capability Pointer at PCIe Configuration Space offset 0x34
 * Bug Fix: Enable or Disable MSI-X Capability Structure uniformly on all PFs and VFs when SRIOV capability is enabled
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for xczu21dr, xczu25dr and xczu28dr devices.
 * Feature Enhancement: JTAG debugger module is moved inside the core top module.
 * Feature Enhancement: In-System IBERT module is moved inside the core top module and enabled for all link speeds.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Tandem and MCAP support for KU15P, VU3P, VU5P, VU7P, VU9P, VU11P, VU13P, and zu19EG
 * Feature Enhancement: Added example on VSEC to the example design when extended config is enabled.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT DRP Arbiter module to support In-System IBERT and user DRP access
 * Feature Enhancement: Added free_run_clock option in the GT Settings GUI tab
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Zynq UltraScale Plus devices - xczu4cg,xczu4eg, xczu5cg, xczu5eg, xczu7cg and xczu7eg
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated the tandem with field updates scripts to use the new PR methodology
 * Feature Enhancement: Added debug core examples to the tandem with field updates example design.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to enable PM_L23 Entry in Rootport configuration. Set the user parameter 'Enable PM_L23_Entry' on 'Adv.Options-1' tab when Rootport and Advanced mode are selected
 * Feature Enhancement: Added special non-ARI 1PF+7VF SRIOV configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed PF-1 settings edit issue when MSI-X is enabled.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed Root Port as DUT simulation issue when the configuration is Gen3x16 and RQ/RC, 4TLP straddle is enabled.
 * Other: MSI-X TABLE/PBA OFFSET address shifted to right by 3-bits to match PCIe Hard Block requirement.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Port Change: No mandatory port changes. But added new optional ports and interfaces for PCIe DRP, GT DRP, GT Wizard, In System IBERT, Transceiver Control and Status ports.
 * Bug Fix: Enabled ASPM L0s.
 * Bug Fix: Added PMARESET fix, update to the GT reset sequence during the rate change.
 * Bug Fix: Added CDRHOLD fix to ensure CDR and RX Equalization to start working first and not give any false indication that data is good already.
 * Bug Fix: Added Sequence number fifo fix for ES2 silicon.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT DRP, PCIe DRP and Transceiver Control and Status ports option in the core configuration GUI.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added simulation model support to run post synthesis and post implementation simulation.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for 125 MHz and 250 MHz reference clock option.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT Wizard support for Xilinx example design in the Shared Logic page.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added In-System IBERT support in the Add. Debug Options page to scan eye diagram of the serial lane
 * Feature Enhancement: Added JTAG debugger support in the Add. Debug Options page to debug LTSSM, Rx sequence, Rx detect.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Descrambler debugg support in the Add. Debug Options page to debug PIPE data.
 * Other: Moved pblock constraints from IP level XDC file to Xilinx example design top XDC file to allow users to access SLICE range settings in 512-bit AXIST mode.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated MSI-X CAP and NEXTPTR values.
 * Added GT Settings tab for Insertion loss adjustment.
 * Receiver detect drp module is replaced by receiver detect rxtermination module.
 * Fixed GUI typo for BAR-5 and Exp ROM values.
 * QPLL1 support is added for Gen2 (5.0 Gbps) speed along with CPLL. QPLL1 is default.
 * Fixed I/O bank names in quad selection mode for xcvu9p-flga2104/flgb2104/flgc2104 and flga2577.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * Modified Customization GUI View for PF BARs,SRIOV BARs,PCIe ID and ClassCode parameters
 * Support is enabled for all Ultrascale+ parts and packages that support PCIe.
 * Added gtwizard subcore (HIP) support, which includes GTHE4 and GTYE4.
 * Added support for All link widths/speeds (Gen1/2/3 to x1,x2,x4,x8,x16)
 * Added support for Root Port(RP) Mode and RP Example Design synthesis/simulation for all available configurations.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Integrated new GTY and GTH wrapper changes
 * Added support for few more Devices/Packages
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release
 * Dedicated PERST is not supported for the Beta release

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
